# aws-resume-cicd
Simple repository to implement CI/CD for a resume static website. 

# CI/CD Pipeline Setup for AWS S3 Static Website

This document outlines the steps to set up a continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD) pipeline for a static website hosted on Amazon S3, with the source code stored in a GitHub repository.

## Prerequisites

- An AWS account.
- A GitHub account and repository containing your website's code.
- A static website hosted on Amazon S3.
- Proper IAM roles configured for AWS services.

## Prepare Your GitHub Repository

Ensure your repository is properly set up with all the necessary files at the root or within a specified directory. This includes your `index.html`, CSS, JavaScript, and any other assets.

## Create IAM Roles

Create an IAM role with the necessary permissions for AWS CodeBuild, AWS CodePipeline, and S3 access. This role should have:
- AmazonS3FullAccess
- AmazonDynamoDBFullAccess (if interacting with DynamoDB)
- AWSCodeBuildAdminAccess
- AWSCodePipelineFullAccess

## Set Up AWS CodeBuild

1. Navigate to the AWS CodeBuild console.
2. Create a new build project.
3. Configure the source as GitHub, connecting your repository and selecting the branch.
4. Set up the environment using a managed image.
5. Define build commands and output artifacts using a `buildspec.yml` file in your repository.

Example `buildspec.yml`:

```yaml
version: 0.2

phases:
  build:
    commands:
      - echo "Building the website..."
  post_build:
    commands:
      - echo "Build completed."

artifacts:
  files:
    - '**/*'
  discard-paths: yes

```
## Set Up AWS CodePipeline
Go to the AWS CodePipeline console.
Create a new pipeline integrating the GitHub repository as the source stage.
Link the AWS CodeBuild project as the build stage.
Configure S3 as the deployment stage, specifying the bucket and settings.


## Manage Artifacts
Ensure that artifacts generated by AWS CodeBuild are stored in an S3 bucket. You can specify an existing bucket or create a new one for this purpose.

## Test and Monitor the Pipeline
Make a commit to your GitHub repository to trigger the pipeline. Monitor the pipeline execution in the AWS CodePipeline console to ensure it runs successfully.

--- 
This was built based on the cloud resume challenge [link](https://cloudresumechallenge.dev/)